Editorial: 💡 Smart Keypad - Advanced

Hacks
To Solve any Problem related to Recursion All you need to do is Break the Problem into 3 important components which are as follows :-

1.Bigger Problem : The original Problem statement is your bigger problem.
2.Smaller Problem: In every recursive prblm there exist a prblm statement which you need to achieve in order to fullfill the prblm statement but by considering such a smaller prblm from the bigger prblm is needed which we need to assume that the recursion will work and will give the answer.
3.Self Work: The amount of work which one should do in order to make the smaller problem your problem.

For e.g.., In order to find the max of any array, three components will be :-
Bigger Problem : To find the max in whole array viz find max in array from index 0 to n - 1.
Smaller Problem: Assume that the recursion works and will find the max of array from index 1 to n - 1.
__Self Work : In order to make your smaller prblm your bigger prblm all you need to do is to compare the ans return by assuming the smaller prblm works with the 0th index element and return the max among both of them.

Similarly Classification acc to the Given prblm :-

Bigger Problem : To Print all of the possible Strings from the given array that contains code generated by given number.
Smaller Problem : Assume the recursion works and will give you ans for N - 1 length of String. Self Work : In order to make you smaller prblm your problem all you need to work for the 0th index element. Because it could be the part included in the answer or not. and self work is to use first character as it is and another time with the next variable.For e.g..,
In 123 either use 1 as it is or use code for 12 instead.
Note :In the Base all you need to do is to check whether the string code genertated from the number is contained in any of the string array given in the Question.

Code

 static String table[] = { " ", ".+@$", "abc", "def", "ghi", "jkl", "mno", "pqrs", "tuv", "wxyz" };

    private static final String[] searchIn = { "prateek", "sneha", "deepak", "arnav", "shikha", "palak", "utkarsh",
            "divyam", "vidhi", "sparsh", "akku" };

    public static void keypad1(String ques, String ans) {

        if (ques.length() == 0) {
            for (String ss : searchIn) {
                if (ss.contains(ans)) {
                    System.out.println(ss);
                }
            }

            return;
        }

        char ch = ques.charAt(0);
        String ros = ques.substring(1);
        String code = table[ch - '0'];

        for (int i = 0; i < code.length(); i++)
            keypad1(ros, ans + code.charAt(i));

    }